GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS – ANNEXURE 2
1. Scope:
This Purchase Order shall constitute the contract (“order”). No verbal agreements amending the terms of this order are valid unless both the Buyer and the Seller duly confirm them in writing.
2. Price:
a) The prices mentioned in this Order are the prices at which the Buyer has agreed to purchase the Goods or Services (as applicable). No escalation in the aforesaid prices shall be binding on Buyer, notwithstanding anything that may be mentioned in Seller’s terms of acceptance of Order.
b) The prices governing this order shall for all purposes, remain FIRM and FIXED unless otherwise agreed to specifically in writing by the Buyer and shall be inclusive of packing and free delivery at Buyer’s site/works or any place specified in the order.
c) The prices are not subject to escalation for any reason, either explicit however not covered in commercial conditions or implicit, unknown or known to Buyer, before/during or after the execution of this Order, whatsoever.
d) Any payment made under this PO, whether as an advance or otherwise, is strictly for the supply of material as per the PO and cannot be used to offset any outstanding dues to the Company. If the material is not supplied on time or does not meet the agreed quality, the supplier must refund the full advance amount within 7 days of notification, without prejudice.
3. Statutory Variance:
a) Any variation in rate of taxes/duties during the schedule delivery period shall be paid as applicable at the time of dispatch and any increase in the rate of duty after expiry of the schedule delivery period will be to Seller account. However, Buyer is entitled to avail advantage in any decrease in the rate of duty after expiry of schedule delivery period.
4. Delivery:
a) Delivery time is the essence of this order and must be strictly adhered to. If the Seller fails to deliver the goods in time, the Buyer may, at its sole discretion:
(i) Treat the order as cancelled at any time and recover any loss or damage from the Seller;
(ii) Purchase the goods ordered or any part thereof from other sources on the Seller’s account, in which case, the Seller shall be liable to pay the Buyer not only the difference between the price at which such goods have been actually purchased and the price calculated at the rate set out in this order, but also any other loss or damage the Buyer may suffer;
(iii) Without prejudice to above provision Buyer may accept late delivery, subject to a deduction in payment of 1% of the total order price for every week or part thereof of the delay, towards liquidated damages, subject to maximum deduction of 10% of the order price.
b) Part shipments and advance deliveries require our prior consent.
c) Deliveries arriving without the required transport documents shall be considered incomplete and shall be stored at Sellers expense and risk until such documents are properly supplied.
d) The time of delivery shall be of essence. The time of delivery is met, when the goods have arrived at our works and have been accepted by the user department.
e) Delay in submitting documents, getting approvals shall not be a case for delivery extension.
f) For deliveries involving installation, commissioning or services the transfer of risk occurs on acceptance and for deliveries not involving installation or commissioning, the transfer of risk shall be upon receipt by the Buyer at the designated place of receipt and due acknowledgement by the Buyer’s authorised representative.
5. Standard GST Clause:
a) The price quoted in this PO for supply of goods shall be inclusive of any applicable Goods and Services Tax, Customs duties, or any other indirect tax as may be imposed by the Government of India from time to time. The Seller shall provide a proper invoice in the form and manner prescribed under GST Invoice Rules containing all the details mentioned therein. In the event that the Seller fails to provide the invoice in the form and manner prescribed under rules, Buyer shall not be liable to make any payment against such invoice.
b) Notwithstanding anything contained anywhere in the Agreement, in the event that the input tax credit of the GST charged by Seller is denied by the tax authorities to Buyer, Buyer shall be entitled to recover such amount from the Seller by way of adjustment from the next invoice. In addition to the amount of GST, Buyer shall also be entitled to recover interest at the applicable rate and penalty, in case any penalty is imposed by the tax authorities on Buyer.
c) In the event that the Seller does not deposit the GST charged on the invoice issued to Buyer or such GST charged on the invoice and paid by Buyer is not reflected in online tax credit ledger or on common GSTN portal of the govt. as eligible input tax credit for any reason whatsoever, this Agreement shall be liable to be terminated with immediate effect and Seller shall be liable to pay such damages as may be reasonably estimated by Buyer. In the event that the compliance rating prescribed under the GST Act, 2017 read with GST Rules, 2017 of Seller falls below prescribed level for any reason whatsoever, this Agreement shall be liable to be terminated with immediate effect and Seller shall be liable to pay such damages as may be reasonably estimated by Buyer.
6. Packing:
a) Goods processed and supplied against this order must be properly packed and dispatched conforming to special instructions, if any, given for safe and undamaged transport by road/rail/air/water to the specified destination.
b) The packing slips giving reference of Buyer order number with clear details shall be included securely with the goods in closed envelopes.
7. Examination/Rejection of goods:
a) All materials duly processed and supplied against the order should conform to latest Indian Standards, it should be new, merchantable quality, fit for their intended purpose and should be in line with GTP/QAP, if any, which has to be approved in advance by the Buyer. All such materials will be subject to inspection and approval by the Buyer, either at the Seller’s premises and/or at the place of delivery indicated by the Buyer.
b) The Buyer reserves the rights to inspect the material at any stage during manufacture or supply and reject such portion thereof as may be found defective or not in conformity with the specification or not fit for their intended purpose without invalidating the remainder of the order, if so desired by the Buyer. All rejected material shall be removed by the Seller at its own costs within 15 days from the date of rejection note/intimation/Challan posted by the Buyer to the Seller.
c) In case of any failure due to any reasons to remove the goods/material the Buyer shall have all rights to remove the defective materials/goods from the Buyer’s/its customer’s premises and discard it. The Buyer under no circumstances will be liable or held accountable for any damage, loss, deterioration of the rejected goods, or for any value for it.
8. Billing Instructions:
a) The bills for supplies must be submitted in triplicate duly bearing the Seller’s GST number, supported with the required forms as specified in the order and showing the description of material, proper HSN number item-wise, quantity, Purchase Order no., challan no. and date, GRN number with date (wherever applicable), and value (as applicable).
b) The bill must be accompanied by the Seller’s challan duly receipted by the Buyer/consignee. Challan accompanying the goods/services should indicate the Purchase Order no. and date, and value etc. wherever applicable.
c) Insofar as the Seller is required to provide material testing, test records and/or quality control documents or any other documentation, such shall be a part of the requirements of the completeness of delivery or performance.
d) One set of above documents is to be sent to Buyer at HO.
9. Compliance with laws:
a) Seller will ensure that all statutes, regulations of the Central or State Government are strictly followed. Buyer shall not be liable to pay any damages/compensation due to non-compliance of these rules/regulations by Seller.
10. Excess Supply:
a) The specific quantity ordered shall not be changed without the Buyer’s written consent. Any loss or damage which the Buyer may suffer on account of excess/short supply, if any, will be to the Seller’s account in full.
b) Quantum of allowable excess/short supplies shall be agreed in the order.
c) However, the Buyer reserves the right to vary the quantity upto +/-15% of the ordered quantity, without any price implication.
11. Variation in Quantities:
a) The quantity mentioned in this PO is approximate. This may vary either plus or minus side as per site conditions and requirement. If any increase in quantities; the same shall be supplied as per rates, terms and conditions as agreed above. The Seller agrees and accepts that the option of variation in quantities lies with the Buyer for which no claim will be entertained from Seller.
12. Guarantee:
a) The Seller shall be bound to repair/replace free of cost any materials/goods/assets/services processed and supplied by him, which become defective due to faulty design, material or workmanship or any other reason within 18 months from the date of completion of final installation & commissioning or 24 months from the date of delivery whichever is later. In all such cases the to and fro freight and insurance charges will be to the Seller’s account.
13. Warranty:
a) The Seller warrants that goods and/or services supplied shall be of the highest grade and quality unless otherwise specified; shall conform to the specifications, drawings, samples or other descriptions contained in the Order or furnished or specified by the Buyer; shall be performed in a workmanlike manner; shall be fit and sufficient for the purpose intended; shall not violate any third party intellectual property rights and shall be merchantable, of good material and workmanship and free from all the defects whether latent or patent. In case the same is found to be defective, inter-alia, in respect of materials, workmanship, design or process of manufacturing within a period 30 months after the same had been put in use or 36 months from the date of acceptance of the goods by the Buyer, whichever is later, the Seller shall refund the price paid by the Buyer in respect of the said goods. The Seller shall guarantee that the material shall under this order strictly comply with the specifications and the requirements agreed upon. The Seller further agrees that all materials/goods shall be repaired or replaced as the case may be at his own expense. The Seller shall be liable for all costs and damages and replacements at the sole option of the Buyer. These warranties are in addition to those implied by or available at law to Buyer and shall exist notwithstanding the acceptance and/or inspection by Buyer of all or part of the goods or services.
b) If the Seller provides subsequent performance or repairs, the warranty periods set out in section (a) shall begin to run once again from the date of repair or replacement of the defective goods or services.
c) Risk of loss and/or damage to any goods furnished hereunder shall be upon Seller until the goods are physically delivered to Buyer’s facility specified on the face of the Order and accepted by the Buyer.
14. Force Majeure:
a) The Buyer shall be under no liability for failure to accept the deliveries of goods, if such acts of failure are due to any acts of God, Fire, Earthquake, Floods, or any Natural Calamities or Transportation Embargoes, Civil Commotion, Riots, Violence, Acts of Terrorists, State Enemies, or any other similar reasons or circumstances beyond the control of the Buyer, however, such occurrences shall be informed in writing by the Seller.
15. Termination:
a) In the event of the Seller committing any breach, default either due to persistently slow Supply and or non-adherence to specification and requirement or due to abandoning/suspension of the Supply without assigning any valid reasons acceptable to Buyer and/or due to defective Supplies reported and remain un-rectified/replaced, Buyer shall reserve the right to terminate the Purchase Order either part or full, in the event of which the Seller shall be liable for all the legal etc. as shall result from such default therein.
b) Notwithstanding anything contained herein, Buyer reserves its right to terminate this PO for its own reasons with due notice. Also, Buyer reserves the right to get the balance quantity manufactured and supplied through other agency exclusively at the Seller’s risk & cost.
16. Settlement of Disputes:
a) Any dispute(s) or difference(s) arising under, out of or in connection with the PO shall be referred to and be decided by a SOLE ARBITRATOR mutually appointed by the parties herein, whose decision shall be final and binding upon the parties and the provisions of Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 and any the rules made there under shall be applicable as a Governing Law/Procedure. The language to be used in arbitration proceedings shall be English. The seat of Arbitration shall be Hyderabad Only.
17. Damage of Material:
a) In the event of any damages to the materials supplied, during manufacturing, while loading, in transit or otherwise, the same shall be replaced by the Seller in 3 working days without any cost to the Buyer.
18. Limitation of Liability/Exclusion of Consequential Loss:
a) The remedies set forth herein are exclusive, and the total liability of the Seller wrt his order, or any breach thereof, whether based on contract, warranty, tort (including negligence), indemnity, strict liability or otherwise, shall not exceed the Basic Order Price of the specific item or service which gives rise to the claim. Under no event whether arising before or after completion of its obligations under the contract shall the Buyer be liable for special, indirect, consequential, incidental or punitive damages of any kind (including but not limited to loss of use, revenue or profits, inventory or use charges, cost of capital, or claims of customers) incurred thereunder.
19. Governing Laws
a) Purchase order shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of India. Any provision required to be included in a Purchase Order of this type by any appropriate and valid law, ordinance, rule or regulation shall be deemed to be incorporated herein.
19. Confidentiality
a) SELLER shall not divulge information on PURCHASE ORDER and shall keep all data confidential, except for information that has been made public by BUYER or at the time of disclosure was in public domain.
20. Order and Confirmation of Order:
a) The Seller shall confirm acceptance of this Order within 2 days of receipt, failing which this Order shall be deemed to be unconditionally accepted by the Seller. In case the Order Confirmation is issued by the Buyer/Owner through email, the date of such email communication shall be treated as the official date of the Order for all contractual purposes, including commencement of delivery timelines. If the terms of the Seller’s confirmation vary from the terms of this Order, the Buyer shall be bound by such variation only if expressly agreed to in writing.
b) Any amendments or additions or alterations to the order shall only be effective only if the Buyer confirms the same.
c) The T&C Mentioned in this document supersede Supplier Terms included in the Seller’s proposal and in case of ambiguity the T&C in this Agreement shall prevail.
The terms and conditions of this Order constitute the entire Agreement between the parties hereto and changes will be binding only if the amendments are made in writing and signed by the authorized representative of the Buyer.

























